Adding FireAtlas package into the mono repo (#798)
flame-engine/flame: packages/README.md

# Flame repository structure

> Flame repository is a mono repository which contains both the main Flame repository, and it's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Flame repository is a monorepo which contains both the main Flame repository, and its
```

bridge packages.

> Note that not all bridge packages have moved to the mono repo, so some may

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that not all bridge packages have moved to the monorepo, so some may
```

> still be on their own repositories, this is a new organization and we are gradually migrating

Reviewer: ```suggestion
still be on their own repositories, since this is a new organizational change and we are gradually migrating
```

all of them to this repository.

## Bridge packages

Bridge packages are packages which:

>  - Unites Flame with another external package (e.g. `flame_audio` which is Flame + Audioplayers, `flame_tiled`, which is Flame + tiled)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Provides Flame with an interface to another external package (e.g. `flame_audio` which is Flame + Audioplayers, `flame_tiled`, which is Flame + tiled)
```

>  - Packages with features that are some how very context specific and don't have a place inside the core package (e.g. `flame_splash_screen`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Packages with features that are somehow very context specific and doesn't have a place inside the core package (e.g. `flame_splash_screen`)
```
